## Page 1

US009716909B2
a2) United States Patent (0) Patent No.: US 9,716,909 B2
Hill (45) Date of Patent: Jul. 25, 2017
(54) MOBILE VIDEO EDITING AND SHARING (56) References Cited
FOR SOCIAL MEDIA
U.S. PATENT DOCUMENTS
(71) Applicant: SketchPost, LLC, New London, CT
5,119,474 A * 6/1992 Beitel oo... GO6F 17/30017
(US)
707/E17.009
5,151,998 A * 9/1992 Capps wu... GIB 27/031
(72) Inventor: Josh Hill, Baltic, CT (US)
345/440
6,067,126 A * 5/2000 Alexander ........... GI1B 27/034
(73) Assignee: Sketchpost, LLC, New London, CT 348/722
(US) 6,430,355 B1* 8/2002 Nagasawa ............ GI1B 27/034
360/13
(*) Notice: Subject to any disclaimer, the term of this 6,877,134 B1L* 4/2005 Fuller wo... GO6F 17/30265
patent is extended or adjusted under 35 707/999 .104
6,956,964 B2* 10/2005 Lee wee G09G 3/003
U.S.C. 154(b) by 49 days.
345/419
(Continued)
(21) Appl. No.: 14/547,270
Primary Examiner — David Harvey
(22) Filed: Nov. 19, 2014
(74) Attorney, Agent, or Firm — Michael J. Mehrman;
Mehrman Law Office PC
(65) Prior Publication Data
US 2015/0139615 Al May 21, 2015 (57) ABSTRACT
Amobile video editing and sharing systems for social media
Related U.S. Application Data
referred to as the CAPTURE system, which improves over
(60) Provisional application No. 61/906,120, filed on Nov. prior video editing systems for smartphones through a more
19, 2013. extensive editing suite including functionality for adding
and altering music to video files. The video editing portion
(51) Int. Cl. of the system allows for further creative freedom and
HOAN 5/93 (2006.01) expansion than what is already offered. Firstly, current
HOAN 21/2743 (2011.01) limitation on video are length are far too short; the system
GUB 27/031 (2006.01) allows users to record up to one full minute of video, as well
GIB 27/34 (2006.01) the ability to choose previously recorded video footage from
(52) US. Cl. the user’s “Camera Roll” within the iOS software. Follow-
CPC ....... HOAN 21/2743 (2013.01); GIB 27/031 ing this, the CAPTURE system offers a variety of specialty
(2013.01); GIB 27/34 (2013.01) filters in addition to the color alteration filters typically
(58) Field of Classification Search provided in prior systems. The filters include reverse, speed
CPC oo. G11B 27/036; G11B 20/10527; G11B and 3D effect, which adjust the visual content of the video
2020/10574; G11B 27/031; G11B 27/34; without altering the music track.
HO4N 21/2743
See application file for complete search history. 30 Claims, 24 Drawing Sheets
AN

## Page 2

US 9,716,909 B2
Page 2
(56) References Cited 2011/0142420 Al* 6/2011 Singer uu. GO6F 17/30017
386/280
U.S. PATENT DOCUMENTS 2011/0320560 Al* 12/2011 Bennett ....0..000.. G06Q 50/01
709/217
7,302,158 B1* 11/2007 Asato we G11B 27/036 2012/0236201 AL* 9/2012 Larsen ou... HOAN 21/235
386/230 348/468
7,319,764 B1* 1/2008 Reid wc GO06F 3/04847 2012/0308209 A1* 12/2012 Zaletel oo... G11B 27/034
345/440 386/278
8,745,500 B1* 6/2014 Kostello wc. GLB 27/031 2013/0073960 Al* 3/2013. Eppolito ............. G11B 27/034
386/282 715/716
2004/0263914 AL*® 12/2004 Yule coccccccccccccccccccceee HO4L 12/58 2014/0123041 Al* 5/2014 Morse we GIB 27/031
358/402 715/765
2006/0078287 Al * 4/2006 GI11B 27/034 2014/0278969 Al* 9/2014 Newell wc. G06Q 30/0276
386/271 705/14.53
2007/0260968 AL* 11/2007 GIB 27/034 7014/0281984 AT 9/2014 Milne .-s-r.- Goon mors
2008/0046936 Al cS 2/2008 HON ees 2015/0058733 Al* 2/2015 Novikoff ......0.. G11B 27/031
» 715/723
2008/0115063 AL® 5/2008) Glenn verse See lope 2015/0380053 A1* 12/2015 Gordon oo. GLB 27/034
386/282
2009/0018898 Al* 1/2009 Genen ou... G06Q 30/0601 2016/0253715 AL*® 9/2016 Xie cecceccccccccccsee. G06Q 30/0251
705/26.7 705/14.72
2010/0257994 Al* 10/2010 Hufford oo... GI10H 1/0025
84/609 * cited by examiner

## Page 3

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 1 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2
atebad
pe
14 1B
. ¥ 24N
s«t}i nei
“i 268 pond
i t 204, HH eee
22
FIG. 7

## Page 4

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 2 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2
Local Video Creation
1 Video Recorder (Launched)
This is the core editing suite of the
app. The recorder allows users to — Cant, &
capture (or select) the bose footage %
that will be used to create their final
video piece,
|
I
20 Choose Previous (Recording) Record New 2b
Users are given the option to choose Users record up to 1 minute of video
Q previously recorded video, This is to use within the editor, Recording is
done by accessing the iPhone's done by holding a finger on the
“Camera Roll’ Selected video is screen (for fast recording). Users may
trimmed to 1 minute in length. record multiple segments of video.
L 2 J
3 Filter Application
Filters are color alteration presets
applied to video by the user, The user
may select one (or none) of the built in
filters, Special filters (Reverse, Speed
Alterations & 3D) are also available.
4 Music Application
To further enhance video production
creativity, users may select one song
from their persono! iTunes Music
Library to add into the background of
their video.
-L
Cont. to Fig,28
FIG.2A

## Page 5

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 3 of 24
7a User Description
Cont, from Fig.2A The user may add a description to
their video, Descriptions hove o 160
ou
charocter limit.
Music Track Editor
i
lf a music track is selected and added 1 User Tagging
to the video, the user then selects
Tagging another user notifies them of
which 1 minute span of the song to
thelr inclusion/retation to a video, Tagged
include, Also included is the ability to
fade (in & out} the music track. usernames are preceeded by the “@"
US 9,716,909 B2
sign.
Tc Hashtags
Universal Volume Editar
Hashtags ore metadata togs that show
If 0 music track is selected (edited or trends in relation to the video. Hashtags
not), the user has the ability to alter are preceeded by the #" symbol,
the volume of both the video audio
|
ond music track audio, This feature
id Geolocation Tag
allows users to enhance audio clarity.
Users may include the location of where
the video is being posted. The location tag
does not count towards character limit.
Publish Settings
r
The Publish Settings screen gives
Te One-Tap Sharing
users multiple options to enhance the
Users configure {external) social network
social aspect of their crafted video.
sellings prior to creating & shoring videos,
This preliminary step decreases the time
to share to multiple social networks
@ Published Video exponentially.
FIG.2B

## Page 6

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 4 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2
Server/{Coud Storage Receiving Devices
Lt Dato Received
When a video is published, if is
Cont. from)
automatically sent to both the
Fig.2A
CAPTURE servers ond Amozon S3
servers, Each video is compressed
during storage.
——
CAPTURE Servers Anozon S3 2b}
Videos ore backed up on CAPTURE Video date is stored ond fetched from
servers. Servers ere sel up in J different Amozon Simple Secure Storage (53).
kecations ccross the United Stoles. Each is This afows CAPTURE the ability to
aan dm irisr oruesde ds tfoorra geen cfraycpitfetdy odfa tteh eb oaclkhuepr, twi successfully scale (regarding storage)
with a growing user bose.
ee
Ls Ayoiloble Dota ot, Fetched (Received) Duta
After data is saved fo the servers, it & Dato is fetched from the server(s) ond
ready to be pushed fo devices. Each looded onto each recefing device,
device fetched data from this cloud Decompression occurrs {that is, videos
storage system. By ovviding focal storage, only} ond users con then view video ond
Joading times ore kept fost, Each video generolized date,
fle is decompressed and then kaded
onto a device.
FIG.2C

## Page 7

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 5 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2

## Page 8

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 6 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2

## Page 9

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 7 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2
FIG. 5

## Page 10

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 8 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2
mr
aeeySel

## Page 11

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 9 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2
sae
FIG. 7

## Page 12

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 10 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2
FIG. 8

## Page 13

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 11 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2
FIG. 9

## Page 14

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 12 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2

## Page 15

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 13 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2

## Page 16

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 14 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2

## Page 17

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 15 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2

## Page 18

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 16 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2

## Page 19

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 17 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2

## Page 20

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 18 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2
ASS
COrTenents
FIG. 16

## Page 21

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 19 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2

## Page 22

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 20 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2
BRB aly bee Toes AN

## Page 23

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 21 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2
SO BOO Gaya Mbee AMM
Publish Video
SDFGH J
QO space
FIG. 19

## Page 24

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 22 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2

## Page 25

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 23 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2
FIG. 21

## Page 26

U.S. Patent Jul. 25, 2017 Sheet 24 of 24 US 9,716,909 B2
FIG. 22

## Page 27

US 9,716,909 B2
1 2
MOBILE VIDEO EDITING AND SHARING trending information may be stored in association with the
FOR SOCIAL MEDIA edited video file. A geolocation tag indicating geographic
location associated with the edited video file may also be
TECHNICAL FIELD stored in association with the edited video file.
According to an aspect of an embodiment, a reverse filter
The present invention relates to social media content and, command causes a portion of the visual content to play in
more particularly, to a mobile video editing and sharing reverse while continuing to playing the music track in
system suitable for using mobile computing devices, such as forward. A speed filter command causes a portion of the
smartphones, to create, edit and post video files to social visual content to play at a different speed while continuing
media networks. 10 to play the music track at normal speed. A 3D filter com-
mand causes a 3D effect configured to function with red/blue
BACKGROUND
3D glasses to be overlayed on the visual content.
According to another aspect of an embodiment, the edited
Previous social media video sharing technologies allow a
video may be automatically stored to a network or cloud
user to record a video, apply a filter for color alteration, and
storage location in association with publication of the edited
output video files to various social media networks. These
video file. If desired, the edited video may be automatically
technologies are typically limited to a maximum video
stored to a second network or cloud storage location in
recording time of 15 seconds with editing limited to color
alteration. There are presently no social media video editing association with publication of the edited video file.
and sharing systems that support greater recording and 20 Additional features and advantages may be realized
editing functionality, such as adding music to video files. through the techniques of the present invention. Other
There is, therefore, a continuing need for improved mobile embodiments and aspects of the invention are described
video editing and sharing systems for social media. below and considered a part of the claimed invention. For a
better understanding of the invention with the advantages
SUMMARY 25 and the features, refer to the description and to the drawings.
The present invention may be embodied in a mobile video BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE FIGURES
editing and sharing systems for social media referred to as
the CAPTURE system. While current market applications FIG. 1 is a functional block diagram of a distributed
(such as Vine, Instagram, etc.) provide social sharing soft- 30 computer system implementing a mobile video editing and
ware, they have very limited recording time and editing
sharing system.
capabilities. The CAPTURE system improves over prior
FIG. 2A is a logic flow diagram for operating the mobile
video editing systems for smartphones through a more
video editing and sharing system.
extensive editing suite including, among other features,
FIG. 2B is a logic flow diagram for edited video sharing
functionality for adding and altering music to video files. 35
with the mobile video editing and sharing system.
In an illustrative embodiment, a method for editing a
FIG. 2C is a logic flow diagram for edited video sharing
video file on a portable computing device includes receiving
with the mobile video editing and sharing system.
a video file containing visual content and a native audio
FIG. 3 is a first example graphic user interface screen for
track recorded during creation of the visual content. A
selection of a stored digital music track includes a start 40 an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing system.
indicator for syncing a selected portion of the stored digital FIG. 4 is another example graphic user interface screen
music track to play in association with playing of the video. for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing
A first volume control profile controls the native audio track system.
in association with playing of the video. A second volume FIG. 5 is another example graphic user interface screen
control profile, independent of the first volume control 45 for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing
profile, controls the selected portion of the stored digital system.
music track in association with playing of the video. An FIG. 6 is another example graphic user interface screen
edited video file simultaneously plays the visual content, the for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing
native audio track adjusted by the first volume control system.
profile, and the music track adjusted by the second volume 50 FIG. 7 is another example graphic user interface screen
control profile. A selection of a stored publication list for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing
includes one or more digital publication targets, and the system.
edited video file is published to the publication list. FIG. 8 is another example graphic user interface screen
An option includes a voice-over track adjusted by a third for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing
volume control profile, which is independent of the first and 55 system.
second volume control profiles. A second edited video file FIG. 9 is another example graphic user interface screen
simultaneously plays the visual content, the native audio for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing
track adjusted by the first volume control profile, the music system.
track adjusted by the second volume control profile, and the FIG. 10 is another example graphic user interface screen
voice-over track adjusted by the third volume control pro- 60 for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing
file. A textual description of the content of the edited video system.
file may be stored in association with the edited video file. FIG. 11 is another example graphic user interface screen
One or more metadata tags may be stored in association with for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing
the edited video file, such as metadata tags identifying a system.
person appearing in the visual content, a source of the music 65 FIG. 12 is another example graphic user interface screen
track, and a source of the voice-over track associated with for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing
the edited video file. A hashtag indicating social media system.

## Page 28

US 9,716,909 B2
3 4
FIG. 13 is another example graphic user interface screen copy of the original video, overlaying it on the red copy
for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing using a blue tint, x-axis variation, and a mid-level of opacity.
system. On top of the extensive customization provided with these
FIG. 14 is another example graphic user interface screen filters, the CAPTURE system also offers users the ability to
for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing 5 add a music track, such as a music track selected from their
system. personal iTunes Library or other digital music library, to any
FIG. 15 is another example graphic user interface screen video. Instead of limiting the selection to predefined music
for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing tracks, the CAPTURE system caters to every user by pro-
system. viding access to the iTunes and other music libraries. Since
FIG. 16 is another example graphic user interface screen 10 a predefined set of tracks may not be sufficient for every
for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing person using the system, the CAPTURE system provides
system. access to personal music libraries, which allows the music
FIG. 17 is another example graphic user interface screen selection process to be unique for each person using the
for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing CAPTURE system. The CAPTURE system supports further
system. 15 music customization through a universal volume editor.
FIG. 18 is another example graphic user interface screen After selecting the music track, the user is given the ability
for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing to create independent volume profiles for both the music
system. track, and the native audio track within the video footage
FIG. 19 is another example graphic user interface screen itself. This allows for a professional feel and an improved
for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing 20 level of clarity to every video created.
system. The user is also able to share the edited video files to a
FIG. 20 is another example graphic user interface screen variety of social networks including a combination of per-
for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing sonal and video social networks, which is unique to the
system. CAPTURE system. These social media networks include the
FIG. 21 is another example graphic user interface screen 25 CAPTURE network (all videos created are shared to this by
for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing default), Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Vimeo, Tumblr, MyS-
system. pace, and may be augmented to accommodate newly defined
FIG. 22 is another example graphic user interface screen personal, small group (e.g., intranet), and wide area (e.g.
for an illustrative the mobile video editing and sharing Internet) social media networks.
system. 30 Previous video sharing applications for social media offer
a low level of creative customization and limit the user in
DETAILED DESCRIPTION sharing videos, for example through limited video length,
limited editing capability, and limited access to social media
The present invention may be embodied in a mobile video networks. The CAPTURE system improves over these tech-
editing and sharing systems for social media referred to as 35 nologies through increased video recording time, improved
the CAPTURE system. While current market applications video editing including the ability to add music to videos,
(such as Vine, Instagram, etc.) provide social sharing soft- and improved access to social media networks.
ware, they have very limited recording time and editing A particular embodiment of the CAPTURE system may
capabilities. The CAPTURE system improves over prior be a video sharing application built for iOS on the Apple
video editing systems for smartphones through a more 40 iPhone, which may be conveniently adapted to other smart-
extensive editing suite including functionality for adding phones and mobile computing devices, such as tablets,
and altering music to video files. The video editing portion laptop computers, and the like. An illustrative version of the
of the CAPTURE system allows for further creative freedom CAPTURE software application is compatible with all ver-
and expansion than what is conventionally offered. Firstly, sions of the iPhone, as well as iPad devices that support
the current limitations on video length are far too short; the 45 iPhone software. On broad scale, the software allows users
CAPTURE system allows users to record up to one full to record videos, stylize them through filters (1.e. color
minute of video, as well the ability to choose previously variations) and music, and share to the CAPTURE social
recorded video footage from the user’s “Camera Roll” network as well as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Vimeo,
within the iOS software. Following this, the CAPTURE Tumblr and MySpace.
system offers a variety of specialty filters in addition to the 50 The CAPTURE application may be broken down into two
color alteration filters typically provided in prior systems. main components: the social network, and the video editor.
These specialty filters include: The CAPTURE network (i.e. social network) is the structure
Reverse: The reverse filter plays every frame in the video in which the system allows users to communicate and share
in reverse order. Essentially, this plays the created video with each other. Any video that a CAPTURE user creates
backwards. The Reverse filter does not affect audio or music 55 can be posted to their “timeline” on this network. The
tracks. timeline is a chronological display of the user’s posted
Speed: The speed filter plays every frame in the created videos, as well as any video posted by user’s that are being
video at a higher rate (i.e. making the video play faster). The followed by the current user (as well allow users on the
speed filter shortens the video time; however, it does not network to follow each other). As a note, user accounts are
affect the music track attached to the video. 60 able to be made private. In this case, in order to follow a
Slow: The slow filter plays every frame in the created “private” user, they must approve a follow request from you
video at a slower rate (1.e. making the video play slower). before the follow will take effect.
The slow filter lengthens the video time; however, it does not Further social networking components allow users to
affect the music track attached to the video. “like” and “comment” on other’s videos. “Liking” a video is
3D: The 3D filter creates a faux 3D effect on the created an action that publicly displays your affinity for any given
video that functions with traditional red/blue 3D glasses. video. Each video displays the number of “likes” it has
The filter first tints the video red, then creates an identical accumulated. Thus, the more “likes” a video has, the more

## Page 29

US 9,716,909 B2
5
popular it is on the CAPTURE network. Likewise, “com-
menting” on a video simply posts a message (from you) to
a message thread (created by all comments on the video) for
any other user to read. Comments are essentially public
messages to the user having posted the video, as well as
other users who have commented on the video.
The CAPTURE software also intuitively allows users to
explore the network, allowing them to find and follow
content that is relevant and enjoyable to them. Each user on
the network has a custom profile, allowing each viewer to
view it and get to know
6
The final step within the editor is the social settings
screen. To begin, this screen is where the user adds a
description to their video, tags other users who are relevant
to the video and adds relevant hashtags. Next, the user may
add a location as to where the video was created. For
example, a video recorded at the Eiffel Tower might have the
tagged location of “Paris, France” (should the user choose to
add it, as this feature is optional). Finally, the user selects
which social networks to share this video to (in addition to
10 the CAPTURE network). The social accounts presented here
will have previously been configured by the user in the
a little about the user before actually
applications settings panel, which allows us to provide
following them. Additional exploration through the CAP-
“one-tap sharing”. So instead of a user having to share to
TURE SYSTEM comes into play within the “Explore”
each network individually, the system allows them to easily
screen. The Explore screen within THE CAPTURE SYS-
15 share to up to 7, with just a few taps. After tapping “Post”
TEM first shows users the top 50 videos that have been on this screen, the video creation process is complete and the
watched on the network. This allows the user to explore the video will be posted to any and all selected networks.
most popular videos having been posted on the network, and Referring now to the figures, FIG. 1 is a functional block
ultimately follow these users for more enjoyable content to diagram of a distributed computer system 10 implementing
be viewed after posting in the future. Also included in the 20 a mobile video editing and sharing system. The system
Explore tab is a full search component. Here, users may includes a local video creating device 12, such as a smart-
search for other users, and the most popular hashtags on the phone or tablet, running a mobile video editing and sharing
network. By going directly to a user profile (through search), application program 14, such as the CAPTURE app.
or simply searching hashtags that interest you (ex: “sports”), Although one local video creating device 12 is shown, any
the system allows users to find content that is most relevant 25 number of local video creating devices may operate simi-
and interesting to them. larly. The local video creating device 12 allows the user to
The CAPTURE network also includes a full, built-in record or download video files and the edit the video files
notification center, which is referred to as the “Activity” including the ability to add music to video files. The user
screen. The Activity screen is an intuitive GUI for managing may also control the music volume of the course of the video
and observing personal content that is supremely easy for 30 file, for example for “fade in” and “fade out” effects.
users to understand without training or instruction. The Additional editing features as described above are also
Activity screen displays a chronological list of any activity supported (color filter, speed, reverse, and so forth).
taking place regarding the user’s profile. For example, an Completed video files may be uploaded to a server or
activity post (which is driven dynamically by the server) cloud based storage 16, which maintains a library 18 of
might read: Your video: “My Beach Vacation” was just liked 35 published video files for the user. Many users may create
by User #1”. These types of dynamic notifications allow video libraries and each user may create and organize a
users to know exactly when and what is going on with their number of libraries. The users may also download or autho-
profile and their friends. rize the download of video files to a variety of social media
The CAPTURE software also includes a video recorder network 20A-N, where they can be viewed with a compat-
and a video editor, which allow users to create stunning 40 ible video playing application 22 typically running in a
videos. The CAPTURE video capture and editor screens are browser environment. The users may also download or
simple enough for a younger child to use, yet intuitive authorize the download of video files to a variety of indi-
enough for a professional film maker to work with. When a vidual video receiving devices 24A-N, where they can be
user opens the record screen, they are instantly ready to viewed with a compatible video playing application 26
record their video. Recording is immediately activated, 45 typically running in a browser environment. For example,
without further delay or user input required, as most the video files may be downloaded to smartphones, tablets,
moments when a user wants to record a video will be laptop computers, and so forth.
spontaneous and immediate. The user is able to record a FIG. 2A is a logic flow diagram for operating the mobile
video up to a full minute in length or able to select a video editing and sharing system. In block 1, the video
previously recorded video (from their Photo Library) for 50 recorder is launched on the host device (e.g., smartphone,
use. After selecting one or the other, the user proceeds to the tablet, etc.) in response to a predefined user command, such
video editor. as touching the CAPTURE icon on the user’s smartphone
The first screen within the video editor may be the screen. This opens the core editing suite of the CAPTURE
“Filters” menu. Filters include color corrections that are application. The recorder allows the user to capture (record)
applied to a video to stylize to enhance it in some way. For 55 or select (open previously stored) base video footage that
example, the “Black & White” filter strips all color from the may be used to create a final video file. Block 1 may be
video and leaves it looking black and white. After selecting followed by blocks 2a and/or 26 through user selection (e.g.,
a filter, the user proceeds to the music selection screen. Here, touch screen item selection). In Block 2a, the user has the
the user is able to select one song from their personal iTunes option of choosing a previously stored video recording. On
library (or other digital music library stored locally or 60 an iPhone, for example, this may be accomplished by
available over a network, such as the Internet) to use as the accessing the hose iPhone’s “Camera Roll” icon. In this
background music of their video. After selecting the desired particular embodiment, the selected video is automatically
music track, the user may adjust the volume of both the trimmed to the first one minute in length. In Block 24, the
video and the music (create independent volume profiles for user has the option of recording up to one minute of new
the native audio and music track). A third track, such as a 65 video. For example, the recording command may be entered
voice-over track, may also be added with an independent by holding a finger on the screen host device (for fast
volume profile if desired. recording). User may remove their finger to stop recording,

## Page 30

US 9,716,909 B2
7 8
and tough the screen again to resume recording, until the full sharing system. On the server or cloud storage side, in block
minute (or other recording limit) has been reached. As an 1' a published video is automatically sent to a storage
alternative, the recording limit may be a user defined param- location. In this particular example, the published video is
eter. automatically sent to the CAPTURE server and an Amazon
Blocks 2a and 26 are followed by block 3, in which the S3 server. Each video is typically compressed during stor-
filter application is launched in response to a user command. age. In block 2a', the CAPTURE site backs up all saved
User selectable filters include color alteration, reverse, speed videos. In this particular embodiment, the system uses three
alteration (increase and decrease video speed), and 3D backup servers in three different locations across the United
effects as described previously. Block 3 is followed by block States where encrypted backups are mirrored. In block 25'
4, in which the music application is launched in response to 10 the Amazon S3 site backs up all saved videos. In block 3' the
a user command, which allows the user to select a music data stored on the backup servers is available to be pushed
track for adding to the selected video. Block 4 is followed to user devices (e.g., smartphones, tablets, websites, social
by block 5 (see FIG. 2B), in which the music track editor is media sites, etc.). Each user device fetches data from the
launched in response to a user command, which allows the cloud storage system to avoid multiple downloads from the
user to select a desired portion of the song (1.e., the start 15 creator’s host device. The keeps downloading times low,
location of the music track) to add the video. The length of frees up the hoist device from multiple downloads, and
the music track is automatically trimmed to match the length leverages to compression and encryption facilities of the
of the video, up to one minute in this example. Additional cloud storage system.
music footage is stored to allow longer music play time Videos are typically stored to both the CAPTURE storage
when the video is played at a slower speed or the reverse 20 and the Amazon S3 (simple secure storage) system. While
function is used. User controls also provide for fading in and the Amazon S3 storage system provides additional storage
fading out the music track. capacity for scaling up in the event that the CAPTURE site
Block 5 is followed by block 6, in which the universal becomes saturated. Each storage system provides multiple
volume editor is launched in response to a user command. If functions that the other may also provide, while each system
a music track is selected (whether the music track has been 25 may have a different main or target function. For example,
edited or not) the universal volume editor allows the volume the primary purpose of the CAPTURE servers may be to
of the video audio and the volume of the music track to be provide a backup location for any and all data generated by
edited separately. This allows the user to enhance the audio the CAPTURE apps running on user host devices and serve
clarity, for example by turning down the music, and turn up as the default retrieving location in the event of a failure of
the audio recorded during creation of the underlying video 30 a user host device. The primary purpose of the Amazon S3
(referred to as the “native audio”), when the user wants to backup may be to provide quick data access to the CAP-
viewer to hear the voices on the native video. At another TURE apps running on host devices for fetching and loading
point, the music volume may be turned up for dramatic on the users’ timelines.
effect, for example while the volume on the native video is FIGS. 3-22 are example graphic user interface screens for
turned down or muted to improve the music clarity. As 35 an illustrative embodiment of the mobile video editing and
another option, the user may be able to record or select a sharing system. The functionality of the various blocks are
pre-recorded “voice over” as a third track with a volume that shown in each block and summarized below. FIG. 3 is a user
can also be individually controlled, resulting in three sound interface showing a “Popular” tab that allows users to
tracks (native audio track, music track, and voice over explore the most popular (watched) videos on the network
track), each with and independently controlled volume pro- 40 (located below the search bar, seen here). Users may also
file, playing on the same piece of video. explore the CAPTURE network by searching for other users
Block 6 is followed by block 7, in which publication or hashtags using the search bar function.
settings are launched in response to a user command, which FIG. 4 is a user interface showing first screen of the Video
allow the user to select one or more social media sites, Editor. This screen is where users may select a filter to alter
mailboxes, text addresses, or other destinations to which the 45 the color of their video (filters are presented as thumbnails
edited video is published. A variety of social medial publi- underneath the video). The video preview is seen as the first
cation features are provided to enhance the social aspects element within the editor, this is where the user may see how
assigned to the crafted video. For example, in block 7a the the video with the applied filter will look. The play button
user may add a text description to the edited video (e.g., up below it controls the play/pause functions and the double
to 160 characters in this particular embodiment). In block 50 arrow icon to the right of the menu controls the expansion
7b, the user may add one or more tags (also referred to as of the video into full screen mode. Finally, various sub
metadata or metatags) to the edited video. For example, menus of the editor are accessed through the menu icons on
tagging may be used to notify another user that their image, the bottom of the screen.
voice or music is included in the video (tagged usernames FIG. 5 is a user interface showing the main timeline for
are preceded by the @ sign in this particular embodiment). 55 a CAPTURE user. The timeline loads videos posted by other
In block 7c, the user may add one or more hashtags that users the viewing user is following in chronological order.
show trends in relation to the video (hashtags are preceded Metadata for the posted video is displayed in the top with the
by the # sign in this particular embodiment). In block 7d, the posting users profile photo, with the description, and options
user may add one or more geolocation tags that are typically to “Like”, “Comment” and/or “Report as Inappropriate”
used to indicate the geographic location where the video was 60 placed below.
recorded. In block 7e, the user may launch a one-tap sharing FIG. 6 is a user interface showing a list of recent activity
feature, which allows the user to associate a publication within their app by accessing the “Activity” screen. This list
(distribution) list to the video with a single click. The greatly shows all activity that may happen associated with any given
reduces the time required to share the video with multiple CAPTURE profile.
social media recipients in different networks. 65 FIG. 7 is a user interface allowing the user to select a
FIG. 2C (continued from 2B) is a logic flow diagram for music track. The user may edit the length of the track to
edited video sharing with the mobile video editing and match the length of their recorded/chosen video. This is

## Page 31

US 9,716,909 B2
9 10
done by adjusting the sliders on either end of the displayed embodiment, an entirely software embodiment (including
track. Users may also fade the track at the beginning and end firmware, resident software, micro-code, etc.) or an embodi-
by tapping the “Fade” button. ment combining software and hardware aspects that may all
FIG. 8 is a user interface showing the Universal Volume generally be referred to herein as a “circuit,” “module” or
Editor, which allows a user to alter the volume of both the “system.” Furthermore, aspects of the present invention may
selected music track and original video audio. take the form of a computer program product embodied in
FIG. 9 is a user interface showing a public profile for a one or more computer readable medium(s) having computer
CAPTURE user. This typically includes a profile image, readable pro gram code embodied thereon.
display name, location and biography. The counters below Any combination of one or more computer readable
show how many followers the user has, how many people 10 medium(s) may be utilized. The computer readable medium
the user is following, and the number of videos the user has may be a computer readable signal medium or a computer
posted. Finally, all videos posted by the user are displayed readable storage medium. A computer readable storage
below the above listed data. Also, the ability to follow the medium may be, for example, but not limited to, an elec-
user being viewed may be done by tapping the “Follow” tronic, magnetic, optical, electromagnetic, infrared, or semi-
button in the top right. 15 conductor system, apparatus, or device, or any suitable
FIG. 10 is a user interface for editing a video, the user may combination of the foregoing. More specific examples (a
add a description, tag users, add hashtags, add a location and non-exhaustive list) of the computer readable storage
select which external social networks to share to. This is medium would include the following: an electrical connec-
where the “One-Tap Sharing” selection item is located. tion having one or more wires, a portable computer diskette,
FIG. 11 is a user interface that allows a user to tap the “#” 20 a hard disk, a random access memory (RAM), a read-only
symbol to add a hashtag. The most popular hashtags related memory (ROM), an erasable programmable read-only
to the first letter they type are displayed in the bottom of the memory (EPROM or Flash memory), an optical fiber, a
description screen. This is an automated process included to portable compact disc read-only memory (CD-ROM), an
give users quick access to the hashtags they want to add in optical storage device, a magnetic storage device, or any
their videos. 25 suitable combination of the foregoing. In the context of this
FIG. 12 is a user interface that allows the user to tap the document, a computer readable storage medium may be any
“@” symbol to tag a user. The most relevant users related to tangible medium that can contain, or store a program for use
the first letter they type will be displayed in the bottom of the by or in connection with an instruction execution system,
description screen. This is an automated process included to apparatus, or device.
give users quick access to tagging the users they want to add 30 Acomputer readable signal medium may include a propa-
in their videos. gated data signal with computer readable program code
FIG. 13 is a user interface that allows a user to tap on the embodied therein, for example, in baseband or as part of a
“Music” sub menu icon within the Video Editor. This brings carrier wave. Such a propagated signal may take any of a
up a system of user interface screens for selecting music variety of forms, including, but not limited to, electro-
from their personal iTunes Library. The selection process is 35 magnetic, optical, or any suitable combination thereof. A
presented in the same menu style that the iTunes application computer readable signal medium may be any computer
within iOS uses (i.e. music is categorized into: Playlists, readable medium that is not a computer readable storage
Albums, Artists, & Songs). medium and that can communicate, propagate, or transport
FIG. 14 is a user interface that allows a user to tap in the a program for use by or in connection with an instruction
top left of the application. This prompts access to the main 40 execution system, apparatus, or device.
menu of the app. The timeline screen shrinks and floats to Program code embodied on a computer readable medium
the right, revealing the available menu items on the left. may be transmitted using any appropriate medium, includ-
FIG. 15 a user interface where users may edit their profile ing but not limited to wireless, wireline, optical fiber cable,
information through the Settings screen (displayed here. RF, etc., or any suitable combination of the foregoing.
Users may change their profile photo, header image, general 45 Computer program code for carrying out operations for
information, and make their videos private. Making videos aspects of the present invention may be written in any
private will mean not every user on the CAPTURE system combination of one or more programming languages,
may view your profile and/or videos. In order to view them, including an object oriented programming language such as
the user typically submits a follow-up request to obtain Java, Smalltalk, C++ or the like and conventional procedural
approval before seeing the private profile. 50 programming languages, such as the “C” programming
FIG. 16 a user interface that is displayed after a user to language or similar programming languages. The program
taps on the comment counter on a video, the user is taken to code may execute entirely on the user’s computer, partly on
the Comments screen, seen here. This displays any comment the user’s computer, as a stand-alone software package,
posted with the video, or associated with it. Users also have partly on the user’s computer and partly on a remote
the ability to type and post a comment on the associated 55 computer or entirely on the remote computer or server. In the
video. latter scenario, the remote computer may be connected to the
FIG. 17 a user interface that allows a user to tap for user’s computer through any type of network, including a
viewing the “Likes” on a video or a list of users (navigated local area network (LAN) or a wide area network (WAN), or
to through the profile screen), buttons are displayed to the connection may be made to an external computer (for
follow a user (you are currently not following), and a button 60 example, through the Internet using an Internet Service
to “unfollow” a user (whom the user is currently following). Provider).
FIGS. 18-22 are additional user interface screens displaying Aspects of the present invention are described above with
their functional options. reference to flowchart illustrations and/or block diagrams of
As will be appreciated by one skilled in the art, aspects of methods, apparatus (systems) and computer program prod-
the present invention may be embodied as a system, method 65 ucts according to embodiments of the invention. It will be
or computer program product. Accordingly, aspects of the understood that each block of the flowchart illustrations
present invention may take the form of an entirely hardware and/or block diagrams, and combinations of blocks in the

## Page 32

US 9,716,909 B2
11 12
flowchart illustrations and/or block diagrams, can be imple- modifications and variations will be apparent to those of
mented by computer program instructions. These computer ordinary skill in the art without departing from the scope and
program instructions may be provided to a processor of a spirit of the invention. The embodiment was chosen and
general purpose computer, special purpose computer, or described in order to best explain the principles of the
other programmable data processing apparatus to produce a invention and the practical application, and to enable others
machine, such that the instructions, which execute via the of ordinary skill in the art to understand the invention for
processor of the computer or other programmable data
various embodiments with various modifications as are
processing apparatus, create means for implementing the
suited to the particular use contemplated.
functions/acts specified in the flowchart and/or block dia-
The flow diagrams depicted herein are just one example.
gram block or blocks. 10 There may be many variations to this diagram or the steps
These computer program instructions may also be stored
(or operations) described therein without departing from the
in a computer readable medium that can direct a computer,
spirit of the invention. For instance, the steps may be
other programmable data processing apparatus, or other
performed in a differing order or steps may be added, deleted
devices to function in a particular manner, such that the
or modified. All of these variations are considered a part of
instructions stored in the computer readable medium pro-
duce an article of manufacture including instructions which the claimed invention.
implement the function/act specified in the flowchart and/or While the preferred embodiment to the invention had
block diagram block or blocks. been described, it will be understood that those skilled in the
The computer program instructions may also be loaded art, both now and in the future, may make various improve-
onto a computer, other programmable data processing appa- 20 ments and enhancements which fall within the scope of the
ratus, or other devices to cause a series of operational steps claims which follow. These claims should be construed to
to be performed on the computer, other programmable maintain the proper protection for the invention first
apparatus or other devices to produce a computer imple- described.
mented process such that the instructions which execute on
the computer or other programmable apparatus provide 25 What is claimed is:
processes for implementing the functions/acts specified in
1. A method for editing a video file on a portable com-
the flowchart and/or block diagram block or blocks.
puting device, comprising:
The flowchart and block diagrams in the Figures illustrate
receiving a video file comprising visual content and a
the architecture, functionality, and operation of possible
native audio track recorded during creation of the
implementations of systems, methods and computer pro-
visual content;
gram products according to various embodiments of the
receiving a selection of a stored digital music track;
present invention. In this regard, each block in the flowchart
receiving a music start indicator for syncing a selected
or block diagrams may represent a module, segment, or
portion of the stored digital music track to play in
portion of code, which comprises one or more executable
instructions for implementing the specified logical func- 35 association with playing of the video;
tion(s). It should also be noted that, in some alternative receiving a video start indicator associated with the video
implementations, the functions noted in the block may occur file for syncing the video file with the selected portion
out of the order noted in the figures. For example, two blocks of the digital music track, automatically trimming the
shown in succession may, in fact, be executed substantially music track after the music start indicator to match a
concurrently, or the blocks may sometimes be executed in 40 remaining portion of the video file after the video start
the reverse order, depending upon the functionality indicator, and storing the trimmed music track in asso-
involved. It will also be noted that each block of the block ciation with the video file;
diagrams and/or flowchart illustration, and combinations of displaying a native audio volume control item operative
blocks in the block diagrams and/or flowchart illustration, for controlling the volume of the native audio track
can be implemented by special purpose hardware-based 45 while displaying the visual content;
systems that perform the specified functions or acts, or receiving a first volume control profile for controlling the
combinations of special purpose hardware and computer native audio track in association with playing of the
instructions. video through user operation of the native audio vol-
The terminology used herein is for the purpose of describ- ume control while playing the native audio track
ing particular embodiments only and is not intended to be 50 together with the visual content;
limiting of the invention. As used herein, the singular forms displaying a music track volume control item operative
“a”, “an” and “the” are intended to include the plural forms for controlling the volume of the music track while
as well, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. It will displaying the visual content;
be further understood that the terms “comprises” and/or receiving a second volume control profile, independent of
“comprising,” when used in this specification, specify the 55 the first volume control profile, for controlling the
presence of stated features, integers, steps, operations, ele- selected portion of the stored digital music track in
ments, and/or components, but do not preclude the presence association with playing of the video through user
or addition of one more other features, integers, steps, operation of the music track volume control while
operations, element components, and/or groups thereof. playing the music track together with the visual con-
The corresponding structures, materials, acts, and equiva- 60 tent;
lents of all means or step plus function elements in the creating an edited video file for simultaneously playing
claims below are intended to include any structure, material, the visual content, the native audio track adjusted by
or act for performing the function in combination with other the first volume control profile, and the music track
claimed elements as specifically claimed. The description of adjusted by the second volume control profile;
the present invention has been presented for purposes of 65 receiving a selection of a stored publication list compris-
illustration and description, but is not intended to be exhaus- ing one or more digital publication targets; and
tive or limited to the invention in the form disclosed. Many publishing the edited video file to the publication list.

## Page 33

US 9,716,909 B2
13 14
2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: 10. The method of claim 1, further comprising receiving
receiving a voice-over track; a hashtag indicating social media trending information and
receiving a third volume control profile, independent of storing the hashtag in association with the edited video file.
the first and second volume control profiles, for con- 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising receiving
trolling the voice-over track in association with playing a geolocation tag indicating a geographic location associated
of the video; with the edited video file and storing the geolocation tag in
creating a second edited video file for simultaneously association with the edited video file.
playing the visual content, the native audio track 12. The method of claim 1, further comprising receiving
adjusted by the first volume control profile, the music a textual description of the content of the edited video file
track adjusted by the second volume control profile, and storing the textual description in association with the
and the voice-over track adjusted by the third volume edited video file.
control profile; and 13. The method of claim 1, further comprising displaying
storing the voice-over track adjusted by the third volume the native audio volume control item comprising a slider
control profile as part of the edited video file. control item.
3. The method of claim 1, further comprising: 15 14. The method of claim 12, further comprising display-
storing an additional section of the music track; ing the music audio volume control item comprising a slider
receiving a speed filter command and, in response to the control item.
reverse filter command, playing a portion of the visual 15. The method of claim 13, further comprising simulta-
content at an altered speed while playing the music neously displaying the native music and music audio control
track at an unadjusted speed; 20 items together with displaying the visual content, and
storing the visual content adjusted by the speed filter receiving the native audio volume profile and the music
while playing the music track at an unadjusted speed as volume profile through user operation of the native music
part of the edited video file; and music audio control items while displaying the visual
wherein, if the altered speed is slower than normal speed, content.
playing a portion of the additional section of the music 16. A non-transitory computer storage medium storing
track in association with the visual content at the slower instructions executable by a computer to cause the computer
speed to accommodate the difference in speeds between to perform a method for editing a video file on a portable
the visual content and the music track. computing device, the method comprising:
4. The method of claim 1, further comprising: receiving a video file comprising visual content and a
storing an additional section of the music track; native audio track recorded during creation of the
receiving a reverse filter command and, in response to the visual content;
reverse filter command, playing a portion of the visual receiving a selection of a stored digital music track;
content in a reverse order while playing the music track receiving a music start indicator for syncing a selected
in a forward order; portion of the stored digital music track to play in
playing a portion of the additional section of the music association with playing of the video;
track in association with the visual content to accom- receiving a video start indicator associated with the video
modate additional run time for the portion of the visual file for syncing the video file with the selected portion
content played in the reverse order; of the digital music track, automatically trimming the
storing the visual content adjusted by the reverse filter music track after the music start indicator to match a
while playing the music track in a forward order 40 remaining portion of the video file after the video start
including the portion of the additional section of the indicator, and storing the trimmed music track in asso-
music track to accommodate the additional run time for ciation with the video file;
the portion of the visual content played in the reverse displaying a native audio volume control item operative
order as part of the edited video file. for controlling the volume of the native audio track
5. The method of claim 1, further comprising: 45 while displaying the visual content;
receiving a 3D filter command and, in response to the receiving a first volume control profile for controlling the
speed filter command, playing a portion of the visual native audio track in association with playing of the
content altered by the 3D filter; and video through user operation of the native audio vol-
storing the visual content adjusted by the 3D filter as part ume control while playing the native audio track
of the edited video file. 50 together with the visual content;
6. The method of claim 5 wherein the 3D filter comprises displaying a music track volume control item operative
overlaying a 3D effect on the visual content configured to for controlling the volume of the music track while
function with red/blue 3D glasses. displaying the visual content;
7. The method of claim 1, further comprising automati- receiving a second volume control profile, independent of
cally storing the edited video file to a network or cloud the first volume control profile, for controlling the
storage location in association with publication of the edited selected portion of the stored digital music track in
video file. association with playing of the video through user
8. The method of claim 7, further comprising automati- operation of the music track volume control while
cally storing the edited video file to a second network or playing the music track together with the visual con-
cloud storage location in association with publication of the tent;
edited video file. creating an edited video file for simultaneously playing
9. The method of claim 1, further comprising receiving the visual content, the native audio track adjusted by
one or more metadata tags and storing the metadata tags in the first volume control profile, and the music track
association with the edited video file, wherein at least one of adjusted by the second volume control profile;
the metadata tags identifies a person appearing in the visual receiving a selection of a stored publication list compris-
content, a source of the music track, or a source of a ing one or more digital publication targets; and
voice-over track associated with the edited video file. publishing the edited video file to the publication list.

## Page 34

US 9,716,909 B2
15 16
17. The computer storage medium of claim 16, further storing the visual content adjusted by the 3D filter as part
comprising: of the edited video file.
receiving a voice-over track; 21. The computer storage medium of claim 20, wherein
the 3D filter comprises overlaying a 3D effect on the visual
receiving a third volume control profile, independent of
content configured to function with red/blue 3D glasses.
the first and second volume control profiles, for con-
22. The computer storage medium of claim 16, further
trolling the voice-over track in association with playing
comprising automatically storing the edited video file to a
of the video;
network or cloud storage location in association with pub-
storing the voice-over track adjusted by the third volume lication of the edited video file.
control profile as part of the edited video file. 23. The computer storage medium of claim 22, further
18. The computer storage medium of claim 16, further 10 comprising automatically storing the edited video file to a
comprising: second network or cloud storage location in association with
storing an additional section of the music track; publication of the edited video file.
receiving a speed filter command and, in response to the 24. The computer storage medium of claim 16, further
comprising receiving one or more metadata tags and storing
reverse filter command, playing a portion of the visual
15 the metadata tags in association with the edited video file,
content at an altered speed while playing the music
wherein at least one of the metadata tags identifies a person
track at an unadjusted speed;
appearing in the visual content, a source of the music track,
storing the visual content adjusted by the speed filter
or a source of a voice-over track associated with the edited
while playing the music track at an unadjusted speed as
video file.
part of the edited video file;
20 25. The computer storage medium of claim 16, further
wherein, if the altered speed is slower than normal speed,
comprising receiving a hashtag indicating social media
playing a portion of the additional section of the music
trending information and storing the hashtag in association
track in association with the visual content at the slower
with the edited video file.
speed to accommodate the difference in speeds between
26. The computer storage medium of claim 16, further
the visual content and the music track.
25 comprising receiving a geolocation tag indicating a geo-
19. The computer storage medium of claim 16, further
graphic location associated with the edited video file and
comprising:
storing the geolocation tag in association with the edited
storing an additional section of the music track;
video file.
receiving a reverse filter command and, in response to the
27. The computer storage medium of claim 16, further
reverse filter command, playing a portion of the visual
30 comprising receiving a textual description of the content of
content in a reverse order while playing the music track
the edited video file and storing the textual description in
in a forward order;
association with the edited video file.
playing a portion of the additional section of the music
28. The computer storage medium of claim 16, further
track in association with the visual content to accom-
comprising displaying the native audio volume control item
modate additional run time for the portion of the visual
35 comprising a slider control item.
content played in the reverse order;
29. The computer storage medium of claim 28, further
storing the visual content adjusted by the reverse filter
comprising displaying the music audio volume control item
while playing the music track in a forward order
comprising a slider control item.
including the portion of the additional section of the
30. The computer storage medium of claim 29, further
music track to accommodate the additional run time for
40 comprising simultaneously displaying the native music and
the portion of the visual content played in the reverse
music audio control items together with displaying the
order as part of the edited video file.
visual content, and receiving the native audio volume profile
20. The computer storage medium of claim 16, further
and the music volume profile through user operation of the
comprising:
native music and music audio control items while displaying
receiving a 3D filter command and, in response to the
45 the visual content.
speed filter command, playing a portion of the visual
content altered by the 3D filter; and
